Hammer on my six-string like a loser
Calling what I do art like there's a future
When I know that it's nothing that I can rely on
But, at least I'm happy and, hey, that's something
So many people never knowing
What happiness is, it is showing
In the way that they treat themselves in the world
I think it's tragic to ignore the magic

I extend my hand as a friend and a lover
I extend my hand as a son, as a brother
If we don't take time and help one another
We are destined for failure and won't get to discover
There's a great new world out there we can explore
We don't have to hurt if we don't want to no more
When there is no justice as silent as the truth
Tell me how the red, and white, and blue look to you
'Cause all I can see is a life of nativity sick of me

And I would never stop to smell the roses
'Cause I never thought long what that proposes
It means enjoy the beauty in every moment
'Cause every moment could be our last one, it's true
I know it feels like time is an enemy to you
Like there's nothing good that you can do
I know exactly what you're going through

And I extend my hand as a friend and a lover
I extend my hand as a son, as a brother
If we don't take time and listen to each other
We are destined for failure and won't get to discover
There's a great new world out there we can explore
And we don't have to hurt if we don't want to no more
In this wide world where life is always strange
Take a deep breath then let yourself, it makes a change

I'm sorry, but I don't want to be an emperor
That's not my business
I don't want to rule or conquer anyone
I should like to help everyone if possible
We all want to help one another
Human beings are like that
We want to live by each other's happiness
Not by each other's misery
We don't want to hate and despise one another
In this world, there is room for everyone
And the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone
The way of life can be free and beautiful
For those who can hear me, I say do not despair
The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power
They took from the people will return to the people
Don't give yourselves to brutes, men who despise you
Enslave you; who regiment your lives, tell you what to do
What to think and what to feel!
Don't give yourselves to these unnatural men
Machine men with machine minds and machine hearts!
You are not machines, you are not cattle, you are men!
In you! You, the people, have the power
The power to create machines, the power to create happiness!
You, the people, have the power
To make this life a wonderful adventure!
Now let us fight to fulfill that promise
Let us fight to free the world!
To do away with national barriers!
To do away with greed, with hate and intolerance!
Brutes have risen to power. But they lie!
They do not fulfill that promise. They never will!
You have the love of humanity in your hearts! You don't hate!
Only the unloved hate; the unloved and the unnatural
Let us all unite!
Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where
Science and progress will lead to all men's happiness
Let us fight for a new world! A decent world!
Let us all unite!